update transducer description (#16)
ices-eg/wg_WGFAST: SONAR-netCDF4/docs/tablePlatform.adoc

﻿|==============================================================================================================================================================================================================
|Description |Obligation |Comment

|Group attributes | |
|:platform_code_ICES |O |Platform code from the ICES SHIPC vocabulary (http://vocab.ices.dk/services/pox/GetCodeList/SHIPC).
|:platform_name |O |Platform name of which the sonar is a part.
|:platform_type |O |Platform type that the sonar is part of. Use the description field from the ICES ”Platform Class” vocabulary (http://vocab.ices.dk/services/pox/GetCodeList/Platform%20Class).
|Types | |

> |byte enum transducer_type_t {rx_transducer = 0, tx_transducer = 1, monostatic_transducer = 3 } | |transducer type indicate if the transducer is a Tx Transducer, Rx Transducer or both (monostatic)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|byte enum transducer_type_t {receive_only = 0, transmit_only = 1, monostatic = 3 } | |Transducer function - transmit only, receive only or both (monostatic)
```

|Dimensions | |

> |transducer:transducer |M |transducer count

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|transducer:transducer |M |Transducer count
```

|:units = "m/s" | |
|float :valid_min = 0.0 | |
| | |
|float transducer_offset_x(transducer) |R |Distance from the platform coordinate system origin to the transducer along the _x_-axis.
|:long_name = "_x_-axis distance from the +
platform coordinate system +
origin to the sonar transducer" | |
|:units = "m" | |
| | |
|float transducer_offset_y(transducer) |R |Distance from the platform coordinate system origin to the transducer along the _y_-axis.
|:long_name = "_y_-axis distance from the +
platform coordinate system +
origin to the sonar transducer" | |
|:units = "m" | |
| | |
|float transducer_offset_z(transducer) |R |Distance from the platform coordinate system origin to the transducer along the _z_-axis.
|:long_name = "_z_-axis distance from the +
platform coordinate system +
origin to the sonar transducer" | |
|:units = "m" | |
| | |

> |int transducer(transducer) |R |transducer serial number

Reviewer: Not all transducers have a serial number that is a number (some have letters). Suggest to change this to:

```suggestion
string| transducerId(transducer) |R |Transducer serial number or identification name
```

Author: ```suggestion
|string transducerId(transducer) |R |Transducer serial number or identification name
```
Just a pip misplaced

| | |
|float transducer_rotation_x(transducer) |R |Extrinsic angular rotation about the _x_-axis from the transducer zero angle to the coordinate system origin zero angle.
|float :valid_range = -180.0f, 180.0f | |
|:units = "arc_degree" | |
|:long_name = "Extrinsic rotation about the _x_-axis from the transducer to reference coordinate systems" | |
| | |
|float transducer_rotation_y(transducer) |R |Extrinsic angular rotation about the _y_-axis from the transducer zero angle to the coordinate system origin zero angle.
|float :valid_range = -180.0f, 180.0f | |
|:units = "arc_degree" | |
|:long_name = "Extrinsic rotation about the _y_-axis from the transducer to reference coordinate systems" | |
| | |
|float transducer_rotation_z(transducer) |R |Extrinsic angular rotation about the _z_-axis from the transducer zero angle to the coordinate system origin zero angle.
|float :valid_range = -180.0f, 180.0f | |
|:units = "arc_degree" | |
|:long_name = "Extrinsic rotation about the _z_-azis from the transducer to reference coordinate systems" | |
| | |

> |transducer_type_t transducer_type(transducer) |M |The type of transducer, might be rx , tx or monostatic

Reviewer: Perhaps change to transducer_function (or something else that suggests the transmit only, receive only, monostatic thing). Transducer type can be a quite general term (e.g, Tonplitz, composite,  broadband, etc)
```suggestion
|transducer_type_t transducer_function(transducer) |M |The transducer function (that is, transmit_only, receive_only, or monostatic)
```

> |:long_name = " type of transducer" | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|:long_name = "Transducer function (transmit_only, receive_only, monostatic)" | |
```
